FUM warning (#978)
Dasharo/docs: docs/guides/firmware-update.md

the update includes an Embedded Controller firmware update, it will be applied
automatically after reboot and the device will reboot again.

!!! warning

    Keep in mind that the firmware will be updated automatically to the latest

>     Dasharo release and that you will not be able to provide DPP credentials.

Reviewer: If one cannot provide credentials then FUM is close to useless... What is the blocker to let the DPP credentials be provided @artur-rs ?

Reviewer 2: Issue for the discussion: https://github.com/Dasharo/dasharo-issues/issues/1211

>     This means that by default you can only use FUM to update to Dasharo

Reviewer 3: > [...] firmware will be updated automatically to the latest Dasharo release

> [...] you can only use FUM to update to Dasharo Community releases

Maybe change first sentence? e.g. updated to latest Dasharo Community release

>     This means that by default you can only use FUM to update to Dasharo
>     Community releases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    This means that by default you can only use FUM to update to newest Dasharo
    Community release.
```

Author: I used plural because i meant any of the community releases.

Reviewer 3: But I'd still mention that you update to newest [version] available for community release.

Author: It's mentioned 2 lines above this
